# Config
#### Here is what an empty config looks like. Scroll down to see what each of these does 
```js
{
    "DISCORD_ID": "",
    "CMDS": "",
    "notifs": [
      ""
    ],
    "NOTIF_CHANNEL": "",
    "TRADE_CHANNEL": "",
    "colors": {
      "inbound": "GREEN",
      "declined": "RED",
      "completed": "PINK"
    },
    "want": {},
    "dontcheckoutbound": true,
    "rapboost": 1.1,
    "reset_already_sent_interval": 3600000,
    "MAX_ITEMS": 4,
    "use_robux": true,
    "projected_ratio": 0.3,
    "robux_ratio_send": 0.001,
    "testmode": false,
    "custom_values": {},
    "accept_ratio": 1.1,
    "USER_ID": 1,
    "plugger9000_enabled": false,
    "avoid_devpois_like_the_fucking_plague": true,
    "stop_on_completed": false,
    "selfeval": 1,
    "ratio": 1.05,
    "maxratio": 1.2,
    "dontdecline": false,
    "mineval": 0,
    "keepmyrares": false,
    "manualeval": 99999999,
    "DONOTGET": {},
    "keep_images": false,
    "DONOTTRADE": {},
    "getridoffast": {},
    "fuckrares": true,
    "rewrite_to_end_if_ratelimited": false,
    "upgrading_ratio": 0.9,
    "upgrading_max_ratio": 1,
    "onlytradefor": false,
    "onlytradeforarray": {},
    "proof_based": {},
    "autoregen": false,
    "autoregeninterval": 43200000,
    "owned_proj_ratio": 0.9
  }
  ```
  #### DISCORD_ID
  ###### This is your discord dev ID. To get this, go to **SETTINGS** > **ADVANCED** > **DEVELOPER MODE** and right click on your profile. To make sure its yours, send a message with <@idhere> and it should ping you.

⠀    
  #### CMDS
  ###### This is the channel id of where other users can run commands in your server. The bot owner (the one whose discord id is in DISCORD_ID) can run commands everywhere. Only they can run sensitive commands like $mass_send
  ⠀
  #### notifs
  ###### This channel id is for roli trade ad notifications.
  ⠀
  #### NOTIF_CHANNEL
  ###### The channel id of where it will display queued trades.
  ⠀
  #### TRADE_CHANNEL
  ###### The channel id of where inbounds/declined/outbound/completed will be shown
  ⠀
  #### want
  ###### These are the itemids of items you want to be notified for when someone posts an ad about
  ⠀
   #### colors
 ###### The colors for embeds, MUST BE HEX
 ⠀⠀
 #### dontcheckoutbound
 ###### When this is set to true, it wont notify of outbounds anymore, saving on valuable http requests
 ⠀
 #### rapboost
 ###### This **ratio** is multiplied by your rep items to determine what to send them for. Rapboost takes precedence over other ratios. 
 ⠀
#### reset_already_sent_interval
###### The time in milliseconds before it'll reset the list of users its already sent to. 
⠀
#### MAX_ITEMS
###### If this number is less than the number of items in your inventory, the bot will downgrade. If it is = to or higher the bot will upgrade
⠀
#### use_robux
###### Whether it should add robux to the trades
⠀
#### projected_ratio
###### How much it should give for projecteds
⠀
#### robux_ratio_send
###### A ratio which is multiplied by your robux to change its value. If I had 1k robux, and set this to 1.2 it would value the 1k as 1.2k when trading it.
⠀
#### testmode
###### When this is set to true, the bot will only queue trades, and will not send
⠀
#### custom_values
###### This will assign a value to an item. 
```js
{
    "itemid1":value,
    "itemid2":100000
}
```
 ⠀
 #### accept_ratio
 ###### This ratio determines which inbounds the bot will accept
 ⠀
 #### USER_ID
 ###### Your roblox userid
⠀
#### plugger9000_enabled
###### Plugger9000 is an automated plugging device which activates when an item above 100k or a rare has been traded. If it dects a comp, it will send a lowball based on your ratios. 
⠀
#### avoid_devpois_like_the_fucking_plague
###### If this is set to true, the plugger9000 will not touch the pois items of anyone who owns a group above 100k or a game with 1m visits

⠀
#### stop_on_completed
###### If this is enabled, the bot will stop itself when a trade is completed
⠀
#### selfeval
###### This setting is for inbounds, it will not evaluate an inbound above or equal to this value
⠀
#### ratio
###### When downgrading, multiply this by your items value to calculate the bare minimum the bot will send your item for
⠀
#### max_ratio 
###### When downgrading, multiply this by your items value to calculate the maximum the bot will send your item for
⠀
#### dontdecline
###### When this is set to true, it won't touch your inbounds
⠀
#### mineval
###### It won't trade items below this value
⠀
#### keepmyrares
###### when this is enabled, it wont trade any of your rares
⠀⠀
#### manualeval
###### This setting determines above which value the bot wont trade your items
⠀
#### DONOTGET
###### These are the itemids of items you do not want to trade for
```js
{
    "itemid":true,
    "anotheritemid":true
}
```
⠀

#### keepimages
###### Whether the bot shouldn't delete the autogenerated images it does when it queues
⠀
#### DONOTTRADE
###### This setting follows the same format as DONOTTRADE. These are the itemids of items you **DO NOT** want the bot to trade
⠀
#### getridoffast
###### This setting follows the same format as DONOTGET. These are the itemids of items you **ONLY** want the bot to trade
⠀
#### fuckrares
###### If this is set to true it wont trade for any rares
⠀
#### rewrite_to_end_if_ratelimited
###### If a trade cannot be sent due to ratelimits, it will automatically add it to the end of the queue. Note, if one trade ratelimits, the bot automatically delays the sending of the next one
⠀
#### upgrading_ratio
###### When upgrading, this is multiplied by the items you will recieve, This is the minimum value it will send for it. Example: this as 0.8 would send your 80k for a 100k item. This as 1 would send = for a 100k item
⠀
#### upgrading_max_ratio
###### When upgrading, this is multiplied by the items you will recieve, This is the maximum value it will send for it. Example: this as 0.8 would send your 80k for a 100k item. This as 1 would send = for a 100k item
⠀
#### onlytradefor
###### If this is enabled, it will only trade for the items in the onlytradeforarray
⠀
#### onlytradeforarray
###### If onlytradefor is enabled, it'll only trade for the item ids in this. Same format as DONOTGET
⠀
#### proof_based
###### The list of proofbased items. Someone in the discord has this, dm me. Embedded77#1367
⠀
#### autoregen
###### Whether it should automatically regen your cookie
⠀⠀
#### autoregeninterval
###### The interval in milliseconds between when it will regen your cookie
⠀
#### owned_proj_ratio
###### It multiplies your projecteds by this ratio.
